# How to build this project

## Windows

- CMake version 3.17.3 or newer. Download the binary distribution from [here](https://cmake.org/download/).

- GLFW version 3.3 or newer. Download the binary distribution from [here](https://www.glfw.org/download.html).

- Qt. I use version 5.15.0, but older ones should work too.
 - Download the Qt Online Installer from [here](https://www.qt.io/download-qt-installer) and launch it to install Qt for open source development.
 - In the "Select Components" page, select the option that corresponds to the compiler that you will be using that's under "5.15.0" and don't change anything else. In my case I'm using Visual Studio 2019, so I chose the "MSVC 2019 64-bit" option.

- Launch CMake
- In the "Where is the source code:" field, enter the path to the root of this repository, that is, the directory that contains CMakeLists.txt
- In the "Where to build the binaries:" field, enter the path to the directory where you want the project to be built. Make sure this directory is outside of the repository.
- Click on the "Configure" button. You will be asked which generator you would like to use. In my case I would like to build the project using Visual Studio 2019, so I choose the "Visual Studio 16 2019" option.
- You will now see an error that looks like this:
- To fix it, enter the path to the following directory of your Qt installation in the "Qt5_DIR-NOTFOUND" field: \Qt\5.15.0\msvc2019_64\lib\cmake\Qt5. In my case, the full path is C:\Qt\5.15.0\msvc2019_64\lib\cmake\Qt5, but this might change depending on where you installed Qt and what compiler you are using.
- Click on the "Configure" button again. You will see an error like this:
- To fix it, enter the path to the following directory of your GLFW installation in the "glfw3_DIR-NOTFOUND" field: \GLFW\lib\cmake\glfw3. In my case, the full path is C:\Program Files (x86)\GLFW\lib\cmake\glfw3, but this might change depending on where you installed GLFW.
- Click on the "Configure" button again. The configuration should succeed.
- Click on the "Generate" button. The generation should succeed.
- You should now be able to build the project using the files generated by CMake. Since I selected Visual Studio 2019 as my generator, CMake created a Visual Studio 2019 solution called "Dyna-Kinematics.sln" for me.

## macOS

- CMake version 3.17.3 or newer. Download the binary distribution from [here](https://cmake.org/download/) or execute this command:

```sh
$ brew install cmake
```

- GLFW version 3.3 or newer. Download the binary distribution from [here](https://www.glfw.org/download.html) or execute this command:

```sh
$ brew install glfw
```

- Qt. I use version 5.15.0, but older ones should work too.
 - Download the Qt Online Installer from [here](https://www.qt.io/download-qt-installer) and launch it to install Qt for open source development.
 - If you don't have Xcode installed, you will see a warning that says "You need to install Xcode and set up Xcode command line tools...". You can ignore it.
 - In the "Select Components" page, select the "macOS" option that's under "5.15.0" and don't change anything else.
 - Alternatively, you can also install Qt using the command below, although I have never done it this way so I don't know which components it installs.

```sh
$ brew install qt
```

- Launch CMake
- In the "Where is the source code:" field, enter the path to the root of this repository, that is, the directory that contains CMakeLists.txt
- In the "Where to build the binaries:" field, enter the path to the directory where you want the project to be built. Make sure this directory is outside of the repository.
- Click on the "Configure" button. You will see an error like this:
- To fix it, enter the path to the following directory of your Qt installation in the "Qt5_DIR-NOTFOUND" field: /Qt/5.15.0/clang_64/cmake/qt5. In my case, the full path is /Users/diegomacario/Qt/5.15.0/clang_64/cmake/qt5, but this might change depending on where you installed Qt and what compiler you are using.
- Click on the "Configure" button again.
- The configuration should succeed.
- Click on the "Generate" button.
- The generation should succeed.
- You should now be able to build the project by executing the following command in the directory that you entered for the "Where to build the binaries:" field:

```sh
$ make
```

- The build should succeed.
- Finally, you should be able to launch this project by executing the following command in the same directory:

```sh
$ ./Dyna-Kinematics
```

## Linux
